Expose code intel usage stats via updatecheck (#7942)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/pings.md

- Aggregate counts of current daily, weekly, and monthly users
- Aggregate counts of current users using code host integrations
- Aggregate counts of current users by product feature (site management, code search and navigation, code review, saved searches, diff searches)

> - Aggregate latencies of events by product feature (code intelligence)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Aggregate daily, weekly, and monthly latencies (in ms) of certain events (e.g., hover tooltips)
```

Reviewer: Thoughts?

Author: Seems clearer.
